src/template-engines/README.md, before:

# Template Engines

Combino now supports configurable template engines, allowing you to use different templating syntaxes based on your preferences or project requirements.

## Available Template Engines

### EJS (Default)

- **Syntax**: `<%= variable %>`, `<% code %>`
- **Example**: `<%= name %>`
- **CLI Option**: `--template-engine ejs`
- **Dependency**: Included by default

### Handlebars (Optional)

- **Syntax**: `{{variable}}`, `{{#if condition}}...{{/if}}`
- **Example**: `{{name}}`
- **CLI Option**: `--template-engine handlebars`
- **Installation**: `npm install handlebars`

### Mustache (Optional)

- **Syntax**: `{{variable}}`, `{{#condition}}...{{/condition}}`
- **Example**: `{{name}}`
- **CLI Option**: `--template-engine mustache`
- **Installation**: `npm install mustache`

## Installation

### Core Package

```bash
npm install combino
```

### Optional Dependencies

```bash
# For Handlebars support
npm install handlebars

# For Mustache support
npm install mustache
```

## Usage

### CLI Usage

```bash
# Use EJS (default)
combino templates --data name=my-project

# Use Handlebars (requires: npm install handlebars)
combino templates --template-engine handlebars --data name=my-project

# Use Mustache (requires: npm install mustache)
combino templates --template-engine mustache --data name=my-project
```

### Programmatic Usage

```typescript
import { Combino } from "combino";
import {
    EJSTemplateEngine,
    HandlebarsTemplateEngine,
} from "combino/template-engines";

// Use EJS
const combino = new Combino(new EJSTemplateEngine());

// Use Handlebars (requires: npm install handlebars)
const combino = new Combino(new HandlebarsTemplateEngine());

// Or pass via options
await combino.combine({
    outputDir: "./output",
    templates: ["templates"],
    templateEngine: "ejs", // or 'handlebars', 'mustache'
});
```

## Error Handling

If you try to use Handlebars or Mustache without installing the required dependencies, Combino will provide helpful error messages:

```bash
$ combino templates --template-engine handlebars --data name=test
Error: Template engine 'handlebars' is not available.
To use this template engine, please install the required dependency:
  npm install handlebars
```

## Creating Custom Template Engines

You can create custom template engines by implementing the `TemplateEngine` interface:

```typescript
import { TemplateEngine } from "./index.js";

export class CustomTemplateEngine implements TemplateEngine {
    async render(content: string, data: Record<string, any>): Promise<string> {
        // Your template rendering logic here
        return content.replace(/\{\{(\w+)\}\}/g, (match, key) => {
            return data[key] || match;
        });
    }

    hasTemplateSyntax(content: string): boolean {
        return content.includes("{{");
    }
}
```

## Template Syntax Detection

Each template engine should implement the `hasTemplateSyntax` method to efficiently detect when template processing is needed. This helps avoid unnecessary processing for files that don't contain template syntax.

## Optional Dependencies

Handlebars and Mustache are implemented as optional dependencies to keep the core package lightweight. The template engines use dynamic imports to load the dependencies only when needed, and provide clear error messages if the dependencies are not installed.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies and enhance template engine documentation
- Added EJS as an optional dependency in package.json and package-lock.json.
- Updated README.md to clarify that all template engines are optional and provided installation instructions.
- Refactored the Combino class to allow for dynamic template engine initialization, improving flexibility.
- Enhanced error handling for missing template engine dependencies during runtime.
- Updated test configurations to default to EJS for consistency in testing.

src/template-engines/README.md, after:

# Template Engines

Combino supports configurable template engines, allowing you to use different templating syntaxes based on your preferences or project requirements. **All template engines are optional dependencies** - you must install the ones you want to use.

## Available Template Engines

### EJS (Optional)

- **Syntax**: `<%= variable %>`, `<% code %>`
- **Example**: `<%= name %>`
- **CLI Option**: `--template-engine ejs`
- **Installation**: `npm install ejs`

### Handlebars (Optional)

- **Syntax**: `{{variable}}`, `{{#if condition}}...{{/if}}`
- **Example**: `{{name}}`
- **CLI Option**: `--template-engine handlebars`
- **Installation**: `npm install handlebars`

### Mustache (Optional)

- **Syntax**: `{{variable}}`, `{{#condition}}...{{/condition}}`
- **Example**: `{{name}}`
- **CLI Option**: `--template-engine mustache`
- **Installation**: `npm install mustache`

## Installation

### Core Package

```bash
npm install combino
```

### Template Engine Dependencies

```bash
# For EJS support
npm install ejs

# For Handlebars support
npm install handlebars

# For Mustache support
npm install mustache
```

## Usage

### CLI Usage

```bash
# Use EJS (requires: npm install ejs)
combino templates --template-engine ejs --data name=my-project

# Use Handlebars (requires: npm install handlebars)
combino templates --template-engine handlebars --data name=my-project

# Use Mustache (requires: npm install mustache)
combino templates --template-engine mustache --data name=my-project
```

### Programmatic Usage

```typescript
import { Combino } from "combino";
import {
    EJSTemplateEngine,
    HandlebarsTemplateEngine,
    MustacheTemplateEngine,
} from "combino/template-engines";

// Use EJS (requires: npm install ejs)
const combinoEjs = new Combino(new EJSTemplateEngine());

// Use Handlebars (requires: npm install handlebars)
const combinoHandlebars = new Combino(new HandlebarsTemplateEngine());

// Use Mustache (requires: npm install mustache)
const combinoMustache = new Combino(new MustacheTemplateEngine());

// Or pass via options
await combino.combine({
    outputDir: "./output",
    templates: ["templates"],
    templateEngine: "ejs", // or 'handlebars', 'mustache'
});
```

## Error Handling

If you try to use any template engine without installing the required dependencies, Combino will provide helpful error messages:

```bash
$ combino templates --template-engine ejs --data name=test
Error: Template engine 'ejs' is not available.
To use this template engine, please install the required dependency:
  npm install ejs
```

## Creating Custom Template Engines

You can create custom template engines by implementing the `TemplateEngine` interface:

```typescript
import { TemplateEngine } from "./index.js";

export class CustomTemplateEngine implements TemplateEngine {
    async render(content: string, data: Record<string, any>): Promise<string> {
        // Your template rendering logic here
        return content.replace(/\{\{(\w+)\}\}/g, (match, key) => {
            return data[key] || match;
        });
    }

    hasTemplateSyntax(content: string): boolean {
        return content.includes("{{");
    }
}
```

## Template Syntax Detection

Each template engine should implement the `hasTemplateSyntax` method to efficiently detect when template processing is needed. This helps avoid unnecessary processing for files that don't contain template syntax.

## Optional Dependencies

All template engines are implemented as optional dependencies to keep the core package lightweight. The template engines use dynamic imports to load the dependencies only when needed, and provide clear error messages if the dependencies are not installed.
